---
title: "2025"
permalink: /2025/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<p><em>“I will honour Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year!”</em>
</p>
<p>On the 22nd and 23rd November 2024, ACSian Theatre proudly presented its
annual year-end production, a stage adaptation of Charles Dickens' novel,
'A Christmas Carol'!</p>
<div class="iframe-wrapper">
<iframe allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vSfhw-wRPjyj5l2Hi_KGwug_gMpMmNSnAY6DTqFcERpg7nu8bnh6-Rb6lsDSH-J87gmTmfm7ev0DGdt/embed?start=false&amp;amp;loop=false&amp;amp;delayms=3000"></iframe>
</div>
<p><em>         </em>
</p>
<p>The play follows the story of Ebenezer Scrooge, a selfish, miserable man
who despises Christmas. On Christmas Eve, he is visited by the Ghosts of
Christmas, who teach him the consequences of his merciless actions. In
the end, Scrooge turns his life around for the better, embracing the Christmas
spirit with all his heart.</p>
<p>The process of creating the production was rewarding. From learning the
waltz to singing carols, it was incredible to see every element come together
at the end, which was celebrated by our wonderful audience!</p>
<p>To would like to thank our teachers—Mrs. Geetha Creffield, Ms. Michelle
Wong, Ms. Annabel Tan, Mr. Tobias Teo, and Mdm. Baljeet Kaur. This production
would not have been possible without their unwavering support and guidance.
We would also like to extend our gratitude to our dance choreographer,
Dr. Filomar Cortezano Tariao, and our vocal coach, Mr. Adrian Poon, for
bringing the shows to life.</p>
<p>We are deeply grateful to our fantastic audience. It was a joy to share
the Christmas spirit with you all and we hoped you enjoyed the Christmas
cheer!</p>
<p>Finally, we are extremely thankful to our school leaders, teachers, parents,
alumni, crew, and peers for their constant encouragement. Thank you for
being there every step of the way!</p>
<p>As Tiny Tim said best, ‘God bless us, everyone!’</p>
<p><em>To God be the Glory, The Best is Yet to Be!</em>
</p>
<p>Written by: Samakya Nedumaram (1MD3), Samuel Joseph Hadden (1MD3), Wan
Yueyi (1MD3)</p>
<p></p>